time management, I think, is one of the biggest keys to success, probably
for any professional person, but particularly if you are wearing
multiple hats either within your profession or you have other important
elements of your life outside of your career. Time management is
key, and so the way that I do it is I just I have a schedule. I write
a schedule down and it's it's not set in stone. It's written in
sand. Um, but I kind of always have an outline of you know how. Ideally,
I would like Thio put my time throughout, You know, the day or
the week or the month, Um, and every once in a while I'll sit down and
kind of re adjust as things in my life change. So I don't have the
same schedule all the time. I have a schedule for when I'm teaching
and the schedule for when I'm not teaching, um, and things like that.
But I I literally have a schedule, and the first thing I do when
I wake up in the morning is I look at my schedule on the last thing
I do before I go to bed at night is I look at my schedule